Step 1: Introduction
"Hi. I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. We call it pisonly in France, down lion. You know, lion teeth."

Step 2: Preparation and Cooking Bacon
"I want to do a pretty strong sauce here. I'm doing it for 2, 2, 3 people. I have 3 slice 3 slice of bacon. So and I put a dash of olive oil on top because I will put the olive oil in the dressing. And I'm gonna cook that until it's nice and brown."

Step 3: Harvesting Dandelions
"Now here is they come out of the ground. Usually, you don't pick them up when the flowers is there. The root is what's nice and white. So basically, you wanna go deep enough into the ground to get the root here. As deep as you can go into the ground here. Clean up around. Maybe I cut it in half. Separate it."

Step 4: Washing Dandelion Leaves
"This has to be washed 2, 3 times. I wash it when I do it. I let it soak in water, you know, water out of the tap. After I wash it, I put them into the machine so that I really take the water out of it."

Step 5: Preparation of Dressing
"So here, we'll start with the garlic. I put anchovy paste or a couple of anchovy that you crush and put that. Salt, pepper, a dash of vinegar. That will be the base of my mixture, and, of course, the oil that I have here and the fat from the bacon, that's going to go in the dressing as well."

Step 6: Preparation of Croutons and Eggs
"I have bread in the oven also because we have crouton with that, and I have eggs. When I do that for me, it's basically a whole meal. When I do crouton like this, I cut bread, like coarse bread, like this. I sprinkle a bit a little bit of oil on top and put it into the oven. And those eggs are cooked 7 minute."

Step 7: Assembling the Dish
"My father was very big, down lion. You always say in spring, you have to eat down the lion at least 3, 4 times..."

Step 8: Final Presentation
"So as you can see, they are still just slightly wet in the center. And this is right. The taste of my youth. Don't lie on salad in the spring with the crouton, the eggs, and so forth. Happy cooking."