1. Introduction
"Hi. I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. Sometime, I cook dinner or lunch depending on what I have around. Very often it's the case. And, in that case here, I had a can of, dark kidney beans and other things."

2. Cooking process
"I'm going to do a stew with it, starting with, like, a tablespoon of olive oil here. And I'm going to put some lardon in it, what we call lardon in French, lrad0n, which is little diced pancetta. That is it's like the same cut than bacon, but it's not smoked. If you wanna use bacon in there, it's perfectly fine. You can use bacon instead of that."

3. Adding ingredients
"I put a third of a cup to the bottom, an ounce and a half, And I'm gonna saute this with half a cup of onion. Very nicely sharpening. Okay. Okay. We're browning a little bit here nicely. So 2, 3 minutes. I put the onion are going to go with it, and 1, 2 cloves of garlic."

4. Preparation and cooking vegetables
"Crush it first, and then cut it. And chop it coarsely. Maybe the garlic. I think I need a little more oil, so I would put probably 2 tablespoons to start with. And here I have a pepper, which sometimes is hot, sometimes it's not. It's a poblano pepper. And the poblano pepper, sometimes you taste it, it's really pretty hot."

5. Adding more ingredients
"Here, I will cut it coarsely in there. Okay. I will add that to it. Beautiful color. And then in there probably half a cup of diced tomato. And I use, usually use Italian diced tomato. Very good half a cup. Here and my my red beans. I'm gonna pour some of the water out, about half of it."

6. Final touches and serving
"Have the stew here. You wanna taste it with a bit of salt. Yeah. You want you want them to cook for 5 minutes so the the pepper is cooked and the onion and so forth. I'm gonna put some cilantro at the end. When I buy cilantro, very often I buy the bunch of cilantro. I cut the front, the leaves. I use them within 1 or 2 days, and the rest of it, like this one is, I put that in the freezer."

7. Additional tips and serving suggestions
"And this has a lot of, taste, the stem. So when you cut it here, it kind of crumble. It kind of crumble into but I always when I do, especially stew of beans, I use cilantro, a lot of it, then I use the stem. This has as much taste as the leaf, if not more. I'm putting that in there. And this is this is it. You can put your pan right in the middle of the table or put it into a dish like this. Kind of one way or the other, but it's a beautiful stew. Be great with a grilled pork chop or a steak or a piece of chicken. Stew of red beans. Happy cooking."