Step 1: Introduction
"Hi, I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. You know, sometime when guests show up at my house unexpectedly or even if I'm about it, I want to bring something, I do that dish here."

Step 2: Preparing the Chicken
"I, go to my market and buy one of those rotisserie chicken. They have them all the time right out of the, you know, right out of the rotisserie, they are very nice. But then you have to bake them your own. And what I do here, that's what I'm going to do here."

Step 3: Adding Ingredients
"I have a tablespoon of butter, couple of tablespoon of oil here, third of a cup or whatever of shallot or onion or scallion or any of those that work out fine. Shallot, of course, is a little bit different than the onion, and I have a couple of mushroom. I will use those mushrooms very coarsely sliced here. Couple of tartar."

Step 4: Seasoning
"A bit of salt on top of that. I have some, garlic here. Those are small cloves of garlic."

Step 5: Additional Ingredients
"I'm going to add some herb, have some chive, and now I have my chicken."

Step 6: Serving Preparation
"Now I line up a beautiful platter here with a whole lettuce that I bought. There. Those are the and I can leave the thing or cut them in half like this."

Step 7: Presentation
"And my chicken, I'm going to cut it with, with this here. Makes it easy. And in my house, we serve the whole chicken, then I include the bone, backbone, and all that."

Step 8: Final Touches
"So don't throw that out. Mix it with that. I'm gonna put a little bit of lime juice here on my salad and on the chicken as well. Don't forget to put a bit of salt, especially on the outside on the salad as you want to eat that salad, of course. Pepper."

Step 9: Garnishing
"I have some herb on top even. Dash of olive oil on the outside on my salad."

Step 10: Adding Vegetables
"Oh, here, I have beautiful tomato from the garden. Might as well use it. Yellow tomato from my garden."

Step 11: Conclusion
"And this is about it. My rotisserie chicken transformed my own way to bring to my friend for dinner. Happy cooking."