1. Introduction:
"Hi. I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. Everyone makes guacamole. I'm gonna show you the way I make mine. And I happen to have small those are tiny avocado. This is what my market are today."

2. Preparing the Avocado:
"What I do with the avocado like this, I cut it in half or in 3 piece here. Couple of pieces there. And that's how usually if I do a salad, I do this. So I just have to empty it in there. Now it's all cut."

3. Preventing Discoloration:
"One thing that someone showed me, if you wash that in cold water, that prevent it from getting discolored. It doesn't matter in that because we're gonna season it with lemon juice and so forth. But if you wanna do a salad and you wanna keep it for a while before it discolor, wash it in in cold water like this."

4. Adding Ingredients:
"So for that, I don't really have to cut it. I will empty it here. And, yeah, I have about close to a pile of avocado here. So the avocado here, I think one of the best way is to just crush it like this."

5. Additional Ingredients:
"I have about 3 3 quarter of a tomato. I'm gonna cut in 2 dice. A lot of time, also, people put garlic in it. Some people don't. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I don't."

6. Seasoning and Mixing:
"To this, I wanna use probably I'm moving the seeds here. I would say a good tablespoon, tablespoon and a half maybe of lemon juice. It's up to you. And I would say a good, one, 2 tablespoon of olive oil."

7. Final Touches and Conclusion:
"Then with that salt, a quarter of a teaspoon of salt, then always test it. Set. And more thought. I like to put it into a nice bowl. All kind of variation on that. Less pepper, more pepper, no olive oil, garlic. It's a question of taste. You know, you adjust them. Sometimes you do it one way. Sometimes you do it another way. That's a great order I used to do certainly when I spent time in Mexico. My guacamole and this, of course, with blue corn tortilla, regular corn chip, and so forth. Enjoy, and happy cooking."