1. Introduction and Preparation:
"Hi. I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. Very often when I use chicken, chicken thigh, one of my favorite, especially stewing and all that. But the chicken breast like that is very good. I use it. We used to get a lot of veal in the market, we can't. So I use it in the same way, in thin scallopini. The idea, the chicken breast, you cannot overcook it. It has to be moist and tender. This is one single chicken breast and it's enough for 2 people.

2. Preparing Zucchini:
I'm going to do this with a bit of zucchini here, and I will start with the zucchini. I'm gonna cut it this way, this way. I cut 3 slices, and through here, yeah, I keep a little bit of the the center. It's too too much seed, and cut it into a julienne, we call here, cut it into thin strips like this.

3. Sauteing Zucchini:
Of course, this is a garnish that you don't have to do. You can serve that with spinach. You can serve that with carrot. You can serve that with potato. And, I wanna put a couple of tablespoons of oil in there with olive oil, and this doesn't have to saute very long. This one I may cut right through. You could eat the end of it, and at the end of it, it doesn't seem to have as much seed as it has on the other side. Salt and then I'm going to saute that for a couple of minutes.

4. Preparing Chicken Scallopini:
And here I'm gonna cut that on the side into scallopini like this, that is long. As I said, we used to do that a lot with veal. I can do the same way here. Sometimes we bread it. We used to bread the veal. 1, 2, 3.

5. Cooking Chicken Scallopini:
Maybe this one's a little bigger. I cut it to open it this way. So they're all about the same thickness. This is going to cook a minute on each side. Salt on top of this on each side. I could also put flour, but not going. A bit of Spanish paprika. This side, this side. And eventually, I'll put a bit of shallot at the end. I'll cut that in half. Okay, this is about ready. You could do that a little bit ahead. Keep that warm. In in a 130, 140-degree oven.

6. Finishing Dish:
Now I want to put a good tablespoon of butter in there, and maybe a couple of teaspoons of oil. Okay, now it's about going to this, this, and this. A bit tight, but it's good. It's about a minute, minute and a half now for stirring it. It. And another minute on this side at the most. And I think at that point, I can put my shallots in it till we finish cooking around. Maybe a dash of grain on top.

7. Serving:
So as you can see, my single breast of chicken is more than enough for 2. Giving you 2 scallopini per person, like this. Of course, don't forget your shallots on top here. Maybe a little bit of green, and here it is, the scallopini of chicken with zucchini, fit for a king. Happy cooking."