Step 1: Introduction
"Hi. I'm Jacques Pepin, and I'm cooking at home. Another one of my favorite from my garden in summer is cucumber soup."

Step 2: Preparation of Ingredients
"When the cucumbers start coming, they come all over the place. They are not particularly beautiful too, but I do soup. Gloria makes a great salad of sliced cucumber, taking the seed out with sliced onion, and you cure the cucumber with salt, and it keeps a couple of weeks in the refrigerator. Then I have mint also in my garden."

Step 3: Adding Ingredients
"Okay, we're about 4 people. I have a good 2 and a half pound of cucumber and like a good cup of mint here. I put it in there, about 2 or 3 cloves of garlic. I have jalapeno pepper here. I'm going to put, maybe I don't know if I put it's about half of 1."

Step 4: Blending the Ingredients
"Now here is my cucumber. What I do, I cut the end of it, the garden, and peel it, of course. So here with my cucumber, I cut the end of it until I see the seed here and around piece here. Even if you have a few seeds in here, it doesn't really matter. I like to do it in the blender. I have a cup of water here. I'm going to put about half of it to start."

Step 5: Final Adjustments
"See, sauce, fair amount of salt. And let's see now. I tested this. And I'm going to put a good cup of yogurt here. I think I put a little pinch of sugar. I'm gonna put there, and my pepper was not very hot, so I'm gonna put a dash of Tabasco, but test it."

Step 6: Serving
"So that's about here now. Let's see how much I have. Enough for 4, practically. As you can see, I have a good 5 cup here. A good 5 cup. You can have it a bit thinner if you want. Taste of summer. Look at that. Beautiful soup here."

Step 7: Final Touches
"But you know what? I forget the olive oil in there. Usually, I put olive oil, a couple of tablespoons of olive oil in there. You know what? I'm going to put a little bit on top as a decoration, and I think it's gonna be beautiful. Anyway, yeah, even if you put it in there, maybe you should put some like this. It looks good. And then a little spring of mint that I have here."

Step 8: Conclusion
"It's a nice, elegant first course for a summer dinner. Happy cooking."